Explain whether to commit poetry.lock (#7506)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/basic-usage.md

the dependencies installed are still working even if your dependencies released many new versions since then.
(See note below about using the update command.)

#### As a library developer

Library developers have more to consider. Your users are application developers, and your library will run in a Python environment you don't control.

The application ignores your library's lock file. It can use whatever dependency version meets the constraints in your `pyproject.toml`. The application will probably use the latest compatible dependency version. If your library's `poetry.lock` falls behind some new dependency version that breaks things for your users, you're likely to be the last to find out about it.

To work with your library as users are likely to, omit the `poetry.lock` file.

> If you still want the reproducibility benefits, consider a regular refresh of `poetry.lock` to stay up-to-date and reduce the risk of sudden breakage for users.

Reviewer: Another benefit of committing the lock file is that your CI will run faster. (If you have many dependencies locking can take a while.)

> To work with your library as users are likely to, omit the `poetry.lock` file.
> 
> If you still want the reproducibility benefits, consider a regular refresh of `poetry.lock` to stay up-to-date and reduce the risk of sudden breakage for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple way to avoid such a scenario is to omit the `poetry.lock` file. However, by doing so, you sacrifice reproducibility and performance to a certain extent. Without a lockfile, it can be difficult to find the reason for failing tests, because in addition to obvious code changes an unnoticed library update might the culprit. Further, Poetry has to lock before installing a dependency if `poetry.lock` has been omitted. Depending on the number of dependencies, locking may take a significant amount of time.

If you do not want to give up the reproducibility and performance benefits, consider a regular refresh of `poetry.lock` to stay up-to-date and reduce the risk of sudden breakage for users.
```
